# CSAW_Crypto200
The solution to one of the Cryptography questions of NYU-Poly's 2014 CSAW Capture The Flag. Written 20 September 2014


This was the first real CTF question I've answered independently. It involved solving three hints given from a NYU IP we could access with netcat. The first is a relatively straightforward Caesar's Cipher that the program solves very consistently. The second stage is somewhat harder, and as I recall seemed to be a version of a Vigenere Cipher. Even though the decoding wasn't perfect, it was human-readable, so I manually typed out the solutions to a few hints that repeated. The program then looked for a pattern that indicated which solution applied, and inserted the appropriate value (it succeeded about 80% of the time). The third challenge was somewhat harder. The process so far was entirely automated, though, which made collecting many samples of hints to look for patterns trivial. One of these samples was a barely encoded message, which was the flag padded with quotes from nursery rhymes (a sample is included as a pdf that I transcribed for fun). It wouldn't have been too difficult to determine the pattern from this solution, but it was just after 4am already, so I just looped the current solution to repeatedly solve the first two stages and try the third answer I had manually decoded for each option (there were only a handful of possibilities, so it didn't take long). The whole thing was pretty straightforward, but it still took me quite a bit longer than the RPISEC veterans. 